Hahahahaha
Lin Fan
Your unrealistic appearance does not disappoint.
That is the No. 1 Nalan Longsong of the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Li Pei, who are you?
Absurd absurd
make nonsense
Ridiculous
If we are hard to seal in the world
Nalan Changge will arrive at Lin's within ten minutes to see you
A phone call.
Let the first person of Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce come to Lin's Group to meet
Are you trying to make us laugh to death?
Hahahaha
Lin Fan
You look like a jumping clown now
Oops who doesn't say
You within 10 minutes
There's no way to pry that crab
Even if you can't get in
Martial arts is the door to the building
That's right, martial arts is a building
Has the top security system in Zhongzhou
There is no systematic authentication.
Ten flies can't fly
Let alone
big living person
You people
one by one
You will soon realize how ignorant you are
Arrogance
Wait for Brother Nalan to come
If you want to laugh, I will make you kneel down one by one.
Beg me hahaha
Van Hugh is messing around
That's your great uncle
Uncle Ming, I have repeatedly tolerated
Just for us to ignore the family
I can tolerate a period of disbelief
Even me
But
I can't accept you insulting my Lin's Group
Elders and uncles who pioneered the frontier
You have a call today.
If you can call President Nalan
The family council system of vice presidents
I don't give in
if not
I want to apologize.
Scholar, you are just too soft-hearted.
Ordinary today
But publicly humiliate all the uncles and elders
If you can't call
How can you just apologize?
10 minutes if President Nalan comes
If you don't come
Then get out of your vision
Oh, look at this.
I only thought of half a debt
You give him
13 liters of jade six
Not only am I not with your family
A career made of wealth
The next day is the mother, the family head
position
I also give in